com/example/samplechatapp/Models/user.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.user
com/example/samplechatapp/Models/utils.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.utils
com/example/samplechatapp/Models/Message.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.Message
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/Login.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$3
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$4
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$4$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$4$1$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$4$1$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Login$4$1$2$1
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/CustomListBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.CustomListBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/BookShortLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.BookShortLayoutBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/specificList.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.specificList
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.specificList$1
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.MainActivity
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.MainActivity$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.MainActivity$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.MainActivity$3
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityListviewBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityListviewBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivitySpecificListBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivitySpecificListBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Adapters/customListAdapter.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.customListAdapter
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.customListAdapter$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.customListAdapter$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.customListAdapter$customListHolder
com/example/samplechatapp/Models/alllists.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.alllists
com/example/samplechatapp/Models/Book.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.Book
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/pdfview.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.pdfview
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.pdfview$RetrivePDFfromUrl
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/Fragments/favouritefragment.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.favouritefragment
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.favouritefragment$1
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ReceiverLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ReceiverLayoutBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityUserLoginBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityUserLoginBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$3
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$4
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$5
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$6
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$6$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.RegisterActivity$6$2
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/Fragments/homefragment.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.homefragment
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.homefragment$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.homefragment$2
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/Fragments/chatfragment.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.chatfragment
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.chatfragment$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.Fragments.chatfragment$1$1
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/FragmentChatfragmentBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.FragmentChatfragmentBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/DemoLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.DemoLayoutBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityPdfviewBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityPdfviewBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Adapters/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.MessageAdapter
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.MessageAdapter$ReceiveViewHolder
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.MessageAdapter$SentViewHolder
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/user_login.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.user_login
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.user_login$1
com/example/samplechatapp/Adapters/userAdapter.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.userAdapter
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.userAdapter$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.userAdapter$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.userAdapter$userViewHolder
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/bookList.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.bookList
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.bookList$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.bookList$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.bookList$3
com/example/samplechatapp/Adapters/BookRecycleViewAdapter.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$2$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$2$1$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$2$1$1$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$2$1$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$3
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$3$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$3$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$4
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$4$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$4$1$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$4$1$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$4$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$5
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$5$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Adapters.BookRecycleViewAdapter$BookCategoryRecycleViewHolder
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityOTPactivityBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityOTPactivityBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/listview.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.listview
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/OTPactivity.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.OTPactivity
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.OTPactivity$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.OTPactivity$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.OTPactivity$2$1
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterWthPhnNoBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterWthPhnNoBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/registerWthPhnNo.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$3
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$3$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$3$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$4
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$4$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.registerWthPhnNo$4$1$1
com/example/samplechatapp/Models/list.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.list
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/UserpromptBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.UserpromptBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/PdfviewBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.PdfviewBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/PopuplistBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.PopuplistBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityBookListBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityBookListBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/RawConversationBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.RawConversationBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/profileform.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$3
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$4
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$5
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$5$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$5$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$6
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$6$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$6$1$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$6$1$1$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.profileform$6$1$1$2
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/SenderLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.SenderLayoutBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Activities/chatactivity.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.chatactivity
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.chatactivity$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.chatactivity$2
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.chatactivity$2$1
 com.example.samplechatapp.Activities.chatactivity$2$1$1
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/ActivityChatactivityBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.ActivityChatactivityBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Models/request.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.request
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/FragmentHomefragmentBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.FragmentHomefragmentBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/Models/credentials.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.credentials
 com.example.samplechatapp.Models.credentials$1
com/example/samplechatapp/databinding/FragmentFavouritefragmentBinding.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.databinding.FragmentFavouritefragmentBinding
com/example/samplechatapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.samplechatapp.BuildConfig
